Command for adding users into RDP group doesn't work (#5137)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/connect-to-remote-aadj-pc.md

     >You can specify individual Azure AD accounts for remote connections by having the user sign in to the remote device at least once and then running the following PowerShell cmdlet:
     >
     >`net localgroup "Remote Desktop Users" /add "AzureAD\the-UPN-attribute-of-your-user"`, where *FirstnameLastname* is the name of the user profile in C:\Users\, which is created based on DisplayName attribute in Azure AD.

>      > This command works only for the user , who already added into the AADJ device any of the local group (administrators)

Reviewer: This sentence needs a couple of changes, like an empty line before it, for readability:
```suggestion
     >
     > This command only works for AADJ device users already added to any of the local groups (administrators).
```
My interpretation of the sentence above could easily be wrong, and if so, please use it simply as a suggestion to rewrite it to express the intention in a clear and concise manner.

Author: I guess, line 48 is no longer sounds need. kind of redundant to line 47. you can remove it. if you want. else add the space to better readability.

Reviewer: Fair enough, I don't know the topic well enough to say if it is redundant. @JohanFreelancer9 -- could you take a look and tell us what you think?

Reviewer 2: @illfated Like you I am not too familiar with the topic, but your suggestions seems fair to me, and I would go with them. I believe your interpretation of the sentence is correct and the meaning very clear.

Reviewer: Very well, thank you for taking your time to provide useful feedback.
@NagaCSC : Do you agree, could you commit my suggestion, at least until the original document author gets time for a final review?

Otherwise this command throws the below error. For example: 

>  for cloud only user --> "There is no such global user or group : Azuread\Shenry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > for cloud only user --> "There is no such global user or group : Azuread\Shenry"
```

     > for synced user -->"There is no such global user or group : baz\user2"

> >

Reviewer: For consistency, please keep the indent equal to the indent of the previous and next lines.
```suggestion
     >
```

     >
     >`net localgroup "Remote Desktop Users" /add "AzureAD\the-UPN-attribute-of-your-user"`, where *FirstnameLastname* is the name of the user profile in C:\Users\, which is created based on DisplayName attribute in Azure AD.
     >
     > This command only works for AADJ device users already added to any of the local groups (administrators).

>      > Otherwise this command throws the below error. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > Otherwise this command throws the below error. For example: </br>
```

>      > for cloud only user --> "There is no such global user or group : Azuread\Shenry"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > for cloud only user --> "There is no such global user or group : Azuread\Shenry" </br>
```

>      > for synced user -->"There is no such global user or group : baz\user2"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > for synced user --> "There is no such global user or group : baz\user2" </br>
```
